Random IV in encrypt data example (#21043)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/security/decrypting-data.md

The decryption of data encrypted with symmetric algorithms is similar to the process used to encrypt data with symmetric algorithms. The <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.CryptoStream> class is used with symmetric cryptography classes provided by .NET to decrypt data read from any managed stream object.

> The following example illustrates how to create a new instance of the default implementation class for the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.Aes> algorithm. The instance is used to perform decryption on a <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.CryptoStream> object. This example first creates a new instance of the **Aes** implementation class. Next it reads IV value from a managed stream called `myStream`. Next it creates a **CryptoStream** object and initializes it to the value of the managed stream called `myStream`. Next, the **CreateDecryptor** method from the **Aes** class is passed the read IV and the same key that was used for encryption and are then passed to the **CryptoStream** constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates how to create a new instance of the default implementation class for the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.Aes> algorithm. The instance is used to perform decryption on a <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.CryptoStream> object. This example first creates a new instance of the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.Aes> implementation class. It reads the initialization vector (IV) value from a managed stream variable, `myStream`. Next it instantiates a <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.CryptoStream> object and initializes it to the value of the `myStream` instance. The <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.SymmetricAlgorithm.CreateDecryptor%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method from the <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.Aes> instance is passed the IV value and the same key that was used for encryption.
```

> ```vb

Reviewer: If you're adding VB and C# code, all code examples must have functional equivalents. For example, this VB should have a C# equivalent - otherwise you end up with a mix of the two languages and the language dropdown doesn't work.

Author: Am I missing something? The C# code is just below the VB code. Or should C# code be always first?
I didn't change this part and in currently published version both languages work.

Author: But this VB snippet is followed by C#.

```vb
Dim aes As Aes = Aes.Create()
Dim cryptStream As New CryptoStream(myStream, aes.CreateDecryptor(key, iv), CryptoStreamMode.Read)
```

```csharp
Aes aes = Aes.Create();
CryptoStream cryptStream = new CryptoStream(myStream, aes.CreateDecryptor(key, iv), CryptoStreamMode.Read);
```

Unless we are talking about different snippet.

CryptoStream cryptStream = new CryptoStream(myStream, aes.CreateDecryptor(key, iv), CryptoStreamMode.Read);
```

The following example shows the entire process of creating a stream, decrypting the stream, reading from the stream, and closing the streams. A file stream object is created that reads a file named *TestData.txt*. The file stream is then decrypted using the **CryptoStream** class and the **Aes** class. This example specifies key value that is used in the symmetric encryption example for [Encrypting Data](encrypting-data.md). It does not show the code needed to encrypt and transfer these values.

> :::code language="csharp" source="snippets/decrypting-data/csharp/aes-edecrypt.cs":::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/decrypting-data/csharp/aes-decrypt.cs":::
```
